__PROJECT_NAME__/README.md, before:

# __PROJECT_NAME__

[![CI Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/__GITHUB_USERNAME__/__PROJECT_NAME__.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/__GITHUB_USERNAME__/__PROJECT_NAME__)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/__PROJECT_NAME__.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/__PROJECT_NAME__)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/__PROJECT_NAME__.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/__PROJECT_NAME__)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/__PROJECT_NAME__.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/__PROJECT_NAME__)
[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)

<a href="placehold.it/400?text=Screen+shot"><img width=200 height=200 src="placehold.it/400?text=Screen+shot" alt="Screenshot" /></a>


## Example

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.


## Requirements


## Installation

### CocoaPods

[CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is a dependency manager for Cocoa projects. You can install it with the following command:

```bash
$ gem install cocoapods
```

To integrate __PROJECT_NAME__ into your Xcode project using CocoaPods, specify it in your `Podfile`:

```ruby
use_frameworks!

pod '__PROJECT_NAME__'
```

Then, run the following command:

```bash
$ pod install
```


### Carthage

[Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) is a decentralized dependency manager that builds your dependencies and provides you with binary frameworks.

You can install Carthage with [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) using the following command:

```bash
$ brew update
$ brew install carthage
```

To integrate __PROJECT_NAME__ into your Xcode project using Carthage, specify it in your `Cartfile`:

```ogdl
github "__GITHUB_USERNAME__/__PROJECT_NAME__" ~> 0.1
```

Run `carthage update` to build the framework and drag the built `__PROJECT_NAME__.framework` into your Xcode project.


## Author

__AUTHOR NAME__


## License

__PROJECT_NAME__ is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

add full instructions to README, fixes #5

__PROJECT_NAME__/README.md, after:

# WARNING

Thank you for using swift3-module-template. Before you release your awesome project to the world, complete the following steps.

THIS LIST IS EASY, CHECK IT OFF ONE-BY-ONE BABY!

 - [ ] Open the project in Xcode and add features to __PROJECT_NAME__
 - [ ] Make sure you are using Swift 3 ("Convert to latest Swift syntax")
 - [ ] Fix all build errors and warnings, add tests (yes really)
 - [ ] Add a screenshot or AT LEAST some picture, and fill in this readme
 - [ ] Add all details to your [Podspec](__PROJECT_NAME__.podspec)
 - [ ] Delete all this crap up here
 - [ ] Make one release (full steps are in [CONTRIBUTING.md] in case you forget)

THEN YOU'RE DONE, GO STAR [swift3-module-template](https://github.com/fulldecent/swift3-module-template) FOR UPDATES.

----

# __PROJECT_NAME__

[![CI Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/__GITHUB_USERNAME__/__PROJECT_NAME__.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/__GITHUB_USERNAME__/__PROJECT_NAME__)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/__PROJECT_NAME__.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/__PROJECT_NAME__)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/__PROJECT_NAME__.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/__PROJECT_NAME__)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/__PROJECT_NAME__.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/__PROJECT_NAME__)
[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)

<a href="https://placehold.it/400?text=Screen+shot"><img width=200 height=200 src="https://placehold.it/400?text=Screen+shot" alt="Screenshot" /></a>


## Example

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.


## Requirements


## Installation

### CocoaPods

[CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) is a dependency manager for Cocoa projects. You can install it with the following command:

```bash
$ gem install cocoapods
```

To integrate __PROJECT_NAME__ into your Xcode project using CocoaPods, specify it in your `Podfile`:

```ruby
use_frameworks!

pod '__PROJECT_NAME__'
```

Then, run the following command:

```bash
$ pod install
```


### Carthage

[Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) is a decentralized dependency manager that builds your dependencies and provides you with binary frameworks.

You can install Carthage with [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/) using the following command:

```bash
$ brew update
$ brew install carthage
```

To integrate __PROJECT_NAME__ into your Xcode project using Carthage, specify it in your `Cartfile`:

```ogdl
github "__GITHUB_USERNAME__/__PROJECT_NAME__" ~> 0.1
```

Run `carthage update` to build the framework and drag the built `__PROJECT_NAME__.framework` into your Xcode project.


## Author

__AUTHOR NAME__


## License

__PROJECT_NAME__ is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
